Toolkit: Document installation via Docker. (#1035)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/install-toolkit.md

```

## Install Toolkit on self-hosted TimescaleDB
If you're hosting your own TimescaleDB database, you can install Toolkit by:
*   Using the TimescaleDB high-availability Docker image
*   Using the RPM, Debian, or Ubuntu package
*   Building from source

### Install Docker image

The recommended way to install the Toolkit is to use the
[TimescaleDB Docker image](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-docker-ha).

> To get Toolkit, pull the high availability image, `timescaledb-ha`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get Toolkit, use the high availability image, `timescaledb-ha`:
```

```bash
docker pull timescale/timescaledb-ha:pg14-latest
```

<highlight type="important">

> The `timescaledb-ha` image does not support ARM64. For AM64 deployment, use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `timescaledb-ha` image does not support ARM64. For ARM64 environments, use the
```

> `timescaledb` Docker image, which does not contain Toolkit by default. Then add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`timescaledb` Docker image. By default, this image does not contain Toolkit, you can add
```

> Toolkit using the package or build-from-source methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolkit using the package installation method, or by building from source.
```
